Smart Agriculture Market Overview
The global Smart Agriculture Market is currently valued at $13.1 billion in 2022 and is expected to reach a valuation of $20.8 billion by 2027 growing at a CAGR of 9.5%. The adoption of advanced technologies such as internet of things (IoT), ML (Machine Learning), GPS (Global Positioning System), GIS (Global Information System), and other technologies has drastically enhanced productivity, reduced the cost of production, and preserve the health of the soil in the long run. The integration of IoT and the usage of robots, drones, remote snsors, and computer imaging for monitoring crops, surveying, and mapping fields will provide data to farmers to rationalize their farming process according to environmental needs, which will rapidly accelerate the growth of this market. The use of GPS and GIS for the monitoring of specific locations in the field, monitoring the soil quality, and visualization of the field data on a map coupled with the application of big data analytics to derive critical insights will drastically improve the productivity of the land. Apart from this, the rapid adoption of precision farming where precise inputs are given to increase the productivity of the land, and the creation of a smart greenhouse will positively impact the growth of this market. 

Key Takeaways
Precision farming will be the fastest-growing segment with a CAGR of 10.25% in the Smart Agriculture market due to efficient water usage, ability to collect real-time data on crop variables, and reduction in herbicide/fertilizer application which will encourage their widespread adoption.
APAC region holds the largest market share at 33% due to rapid technological advancement, increased adoption of techniques such as data analysis and AI to enhance productivity, and high population owing to the presence of countries such as India and China.
Software will be the fastest-growing segment by offering in this market due to the integration of cloud and web-based software in agricultural tools and management of the huge amount of agri-data that is being accumulated in the cloud.

Smart Agriculture Market Segment Analysis- By Type
The Smart Agriculture market can be classified into many segments according to types such as Precision Farming, Livestock farming, Aquaculture, Greenhouse, and others. Among them, Precision Farming will have the fastest growth at a CAGR of 10.25% in the forecast period of 2022-2027. Improved water efficiency, reduction in the usage of pesticides/ fertilizers, and real-time data collection of various crop variables are some of the major factors that are driving the growth of this market. Advanced technologies such as IoT, ML, advanced sensors, and Big Data Analytics play a critical role in enhancing agricultural productivity and prevents the degradation of soil health by identifying their nutrient levels which will enable the farmer to administer precisely the minerals required in certain areas according to the data collected. Growing population, rising global demand for food and climate change are some of the external factors that are causing widespread adoption of such modern farming techniques across the globe. In March 2022, John Deere announced launched the system of precision spraying weeds only on fallow ground whereby they deployed a system with ML equipped cameras that had a sensitivity setting based on the weed size to be sprayed. Such developments will result in rapid expansion of the market.

Smart Agriculture Market Segment Analysis- By Offering
Software will be the fastest growing segment in this sector which will grow at a CAGR of 10.86% in the forecast period. Ease of integration of software in agri tools, reduction in labour costs and real-time data collection are some of the major factors that are driving the growth of software in the Smart Agriculture market. The voluminous amount of data that is being generated and stored in the cloud coupled with the application of analytical tools helps the farmer identify and control all aspects of farming. The installation of sophisticated software in sensors, cameras and other surveillance devices which are installed at particular positions in the farm enables the farmer to remotely monitor various areas of the farm which drastically enhances his ability to make necessary altercations to the changing requirements. In April 2022, NTTDOCOMO (a leading telecommunications company in Japan) announced that it would use IARs complete development toolchain for the development of ‘Farm Assist’ application that collects data from sensors installed in a farm via access points to a company’s cloud thereby enabling users to check and manage farm conditions using smartphones and PCs. Such developments will rapidly accelerate the expansion of this market in the forecast period.

Smart Agriculture Market Segment Analysis- By Geography
The Smart Agriculture market in the APAC region will account for the highest share at 33% in 2021. The factors that are propelling the growth of the Smart Agriculture market in APAC are increasing population, climate change, and water scarcity. Rising automation, technological advancements such as AI, ML, and deteriorating soil quality will provide impetus to the growth of this market in this region. In May 2022, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) launched the ‘Global Action on Green Development of Special Agricultural Products: One Country One Priority Product (OCOP) in Asia and the Pacific,’ encouraging countries of the Region to join the initiative, developing green value chains and promoting their special agricultural products internationally. Such developments will propel the market growth. 